I'll be back.
What's up, please?
Well, as they found, some news from the police regarding Ms. Emma's death.
Since you told me to stop, I already died.
What is it?
Ms. Emma has been living secretly with a plan for all six years.
And there have been some very intimate pictures of this.
Could it be that she was actually cheating?
Careful.
I swear, if you're lying, get to that point.
I found something.
What?
All the dirt?
Let's go to the police station.
Maybe this letter will have some answers.
Mommy, we should always be together.
Sweetie, what are you talking about?
Of course we will always be together.
I will always protect you.
You know that?
Don't worry.
Dad?
What are you doing here?
Oh my goodness.
My dear Erica.
How can you live in such a dump?
Is this how your new boyfriend is treating you?
I tell you, I won't allow it.
What are you talking about?